Add code text formatting guidelines (#415)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/style-guide/style-conventions/index.md

For example:

> The Prometheus data model is arranged into _metrics_ that consist of a _timestamp_ and a _sample_.

### Code

> Use code formatting (\` in Markdown) to refer to configuration fields and names of code elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use code formatting (\` in Markdown) to refer to:

- File names
- Configuration options
- User input
- Code in text/inline text
- Class and method names, status codes, and console output

```
